---
layout: post
title: Week One!
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###
Even though it's only syllabus week, its all been kind of a blur. I've had a lot to do this week, between moving back into my apartment, rushing to pick up all my textbooks, and correcting an issue with the financial aid office, that I now find myself not quite as on track as I'd like to be with readings and actual assignments. Its not the best omen this early in the semester, but I don't think it'll be too hard to catch up.

### What's in my way? ###
Last semester I had a lot of difficulty in balancing school, the internship hunt, personal projects/open source, and fun. My course load this year is much lighter than last year's, but I'm also taking harder classes, so it's likely that I'll face the same problems again this semester. Time management strategies can't really help when there's more I want to do than there is time available, so if I can't become more efficient, maybe prioritization is the key? Still, the thought of cutting away any of my goals is a little bit hard to stomach. I care about all of them a lot.  

### What will I do next week? ###
Now that I've gotten back into the flow of college life, I just need to catch up and avoid falling behind again. Moving back into Austin has my sleep schedule and productive habits pretty much in disarray so it's kind of imperative that I fix that. My goals are to start coding for myself every single day and to spend at least 3 hours drawing every day, including more life drawing. This is all probably much easier said than done. I plan to work on my time management skills too, since they are definitely a big pitfall for me.

### What's my experience of the class? ###
The course's similarity in format to Object Oriented Programming is a huge sigh of relief. The course might be intensive and hard, but at least I won't have to learn everything from scratch again. I don't feel like I did as well as I could have in OOP, so this feels like a fresh start and a chance to learn from my mistakes. Also, I'm excited to brush up on my Python, since I only got to use it a little bit when I took Artificial Intelligence a while ago, but it seems like an interesting and unique language.

### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###
Only tangentially related to software engineering but I want to mention [Paletton.] (http://paletton.com/)

