---
layout: post
title: Restless
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

This week's Graphics projects have run me into the ground, and all I want is to sleep for three days straight, but I can't because I have 2 exams and another project coming up. Even though I feel like 7 types of garbage and dropping out has never sounded better, I'm going to muscle through and write this blog post anyway, because I'm just *that* dedicated of a student, but really because if I leave it for tomorrow, anxiety and intrusive thoughts about it will keep me up. 

I really don't have much to say here. Most of my time's been spent on Graphics projects and classes have been a forgettable blur. I do know that my beginning of class quiz grades have been pretty abysmal lately. It's a shame, because I started off so well this semester, but I've had practically no time to keep up with the readings and class notes. 

That's not really it though, I have had time. But I don't really think I'm lazy either. It's more that I only have a certain amount of energy to do things everyday and I'm burning through it way too quickly.  

### What's in my way? ###

I thought I was doing a good job of fending off the negativity, but it seems like its starting to catch up with me. It's pretty demoralizing to be exhausted from doing what should only be the minimum, and being unable to progress or become anything more. It makes me wonder if I'm just not cut out for CS or college in general. 

Maybe it's the start of a worst case scenario or maybe it's just the flat part of the learning curve and I just need to stay the course. Sleeping on it would probably be helpful either way.  


### What will I do next week? ###

I have to get my Compiler project done so I can study for my tests! I'm not so worried about the Geology exam, but this class's exam will probably be graphically unpleasant. I won't have as much time to study as I'd like to and code writing exams are already hard enough without the added stress of my ancient fossil laptop sabotaging me halfway through. 


### What's my experience of the class? ###

Things are not great, but I'm sure that I'll make it like I've been doing for the past 5 weeks. Its hard to see a way forward from here, but I've grown so much in the past month that I can't really see myself breaking down here, no matter how pessimistic I sound.


### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###

[This](https://medium.com/jewelbots-weblog/what-if-we-could-build-movements-like-myspace-and-minecraft-but-on-purpose-65cc8d9afeb3#.rgrs1kcgi) is kind of intersting, and helped cheer me up.  

