---
layout: post
title: Picking Up The Pieces
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

I started the week pretty well, even managing to keep up with my goal of drawing for three hours every day (even if that was unrealistic in hindsight) while still keeping up with studying and working on projects. For the first few days at least. I got pretty sick halfway through the week and stopped working for a while to recover.  Then I ended up kind of stuck, with three different computer science projects that I needed to work on but no idea how to simplify or prioritize. A kind of productive catatonia in overthinking and then opting to procrastinate instead. 

It's so frustrating to lose momentum like this, especially after planning so carefully to avoid this exact situation. But all I can do now is work to correct my mistakes and hope that I can at least learn something from this. Maybe my mantra now should be that inefficient, unsure progress is better than no progress at all. 

This week wasn't a complete loss though. I finally fixed the problem with my financial aid and now I have one less thing to worry about. 

### What's in my way? ###

I think I've solved the problem of having more to focus on than time available, since I balanced everything I needed to do perfectly in those first few days. The obstacle for me now is just consistency. I would be fine right now if I'd just kept going, so discipline is the skill to work on next week.   

### What will I do next week? ###

I need to catch up, first of all. I have four days until everything's due, so while there's no need to panic, I know it won't be an easy week. 


### What's my experience of the class? ###

Downing's lecture style seems to lack structure, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. But it does make it kind of hard to take notes, since its hard to be sure how the concepts connect together. Instead of trying to write everything that seems important, it might be better to just listen and try to absorb as much as possible.

I've found that I really do like writing these blog posts. I hope that my writing will improve and that in the future I'll be able to create a coherent narrative of my week instead of just listing out my random thoughts. 


### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###

This is still not really related to software engineering but I've started listening to WNYC's [*Freakonomics Radio*](http://freakonomics.com/archive/), for advice on being more productive. This is a podcast about economics and human nature, blending storytelling and scientific research to give more clarity to the week's subject matter



