---
layout: post
title: Halfway Mark
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

I spent the week studying for my last two midterms before the break, Geology (a rock id test, the one thing in geology that can be pretty challenging) and Compilers. Despite being a little bit anxious about both of the tests, I surprised myself and managed to do really well! I got randomly assigned to a Project 3 group, but they turned out to be pretty alright and easy to work with. We've decided on military history as the topic of our project which I might have been less than excited about a year ago, but my government class last year drilled such an appreciation of history into me that I'm actually looking forward to see how this project goes! The tail end of the week was spent completing my Graphics project, which we managed to get done a few hours before the deadline, which, considering all the difficulties of the past few weeks, is a pretty positive way to start spring break.


### What's in my way? ###

 There hasn't been a lot in my way this week actually. Things are going smoothly. I'm realizing how much resentment I have towards people who seem to be this way all the time. I'm trying to see it in a more corny, but hopeful light, that it *is* possible to be more than a morass of mood swings and maladaptive habits. (But seriously, how does anyone even have time to keep up with classes, go to hackathons, and still have time for themselves?) 

### What will I do next week? ###

Next week is spring break. I'm depressingly staying in town because I feel like it helps me stay more productive. Make no mistake though, I'm going to be spending the break being as chill as possible, the challenge this time around is making time for all the things I care about, which for me are Overwatch, painting, getting a good night's sleep, and chipping away at my coding projects.

### What's my experience of the class? ###

I vaguely remember spacing out in class and then getting called on to answer something I didn't understand at all, but somehow intuition-ing my way through anyway. It's nice to be reminded that I can make mistakes and still be alright sometimes. I was worried before that group projects in two classes would be unmanageable, but my team seems to be communicating well and staying on track.


### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###

[This is pretty cool.](http://www.wolfram.com/programming-lab/explorations/random-cityscapes/)