---
layout: post
title: Week Eleven
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

This week's blog post comes late, because I was stretched really thin this week. I spent the great majority of my week frantically trying to finish the second phase of the IDB project, despite having a Graphics project due the day after. Towards the end it became clear that there just wasn't time to finish both projects, and I was prepared to strategically take a zero on my graphics project and focus on IDB, since the issues we had with the last phase of the IDB project put me on the edge of failing SWE. But through some miracle, Dr. Abraham gave us an extension, and there went my whole weekend. I'm just happy I didn't have to tank my Graphics grade. 


### What's in my way? ###

Even with my work-life balance skewed so heavily in favor of work. I still can't seem to keep up. I don't think this is entirely my fault. The only way to improve, however, is to take responsibility anyway. Having the time to do everything I want is the dream, but weeks like this make it feel less feasible. 



### What will I do next week? ###

Next week I have to start the next phase of the IDB project. My team didn't finish because of unforeseen database server issues, so we'll have to start there. I also have my second to last compilers project, and I have to start picking out an idea for my Graphics final. Plus, I have to start preparing for fall registration. 



### What's my experience of the class? ###

I think one of the main obstacles to us on the IDB, project was not really knowing where to get help, aside from each other. Our smaller team size doesn't really help us in this regard, we're all kind of stretched too thin to really be able to support each other. This is not a complaint but just something we'll have to figure out how to deal with.

On a brighter note, the class is a lot more fun know that I've gotten acquainted with Flask and SQL.



### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###

Not much to share this week either but I owe the [Wikipedia API Sandbox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:ApiSandbox) my life and it really deserves to be mentioned.