---
layout: post
title: So Few Hours In The Day
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

Not very much. I did a lot of a single thing. The week was focused on finishing the Graphics project that I'd gotten behind on. We almost finished it, but not quite. There just wasn't enough time, but I think that I've filled in a lot of the gaps in my understanding in model coordinates and transformation matrices. Hopefully, progress will be much smoother on the next and final project. Other than that I just didn't have time focus on anything else, aside from doing a few React tutorials.

### What's in my way? ###

Right now, I can't find the time to do all the things I want. I think I've improved in this aspect since the beginning of the semester, by being less wasteful with my time and trying to do less things at once. But it's still not really good enough. Thinking about it now, there might be errors in how I think about time. I know that it's important to take time to focus on things not school or work related, purely for my own health and sanity but I tend to feel selfish for doing so. Consider yourself lucky if you're not stuck in that mentality because it's really tough to break out of.

### What will I do next week? ###

Next week I have to work on compilers, graphics and this class' projects. Tough going as always, but at least there's no midterms to worry about anymore. 

### What's my experience of the class? ###

Still kind of a blur. It's hard to focus in class when there's *just so much to do* all the time. I *am* happy that we've moved on to more web development focused stuff. It's a lot less abstract and just more interesting to me.


### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###
I haven't had time this week to look at any cool articles and I'm too exhausted to go find one right now so have an [article from a while ago about cool math stuff and graphics](https://imdoingitwrong.wordpress.com/2011/04/14/spherical-harmonics-wtf/)