---
layout: post
title: Burnout
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

This week I spent most of my time building a raytracer for my computer graphics class. Despite it being the most complex two week project I've ever done in college (possibly with the exception of OS), its actually been one of the funnest too. As a result, however, I'm now behind on my other two assignments, including the one for this class. I would prefer to avoid pulling all nighters as much as I can this semester, but it might be inevitable this week. 

Usually I'd be falling apart if I knew had 5 days to do 3 projects and study for 2 tests. But strangely, I'm not stressed at all. I'm either growing into a more resilient person or so overwhelmed that I've lost my ability to care. It's hard to say which.


### What's in my way? ###

Even if I'm not stressed, I still feel kinda burnt out. There's just more to do than time and energy available. It's great that I'm apparently immune to stress now, but I need to remember to take more breaks if I don't want to end up with horrible vision and horrible posture. The bottom line is that if I can't figure out how to get it together this week it might be time to consider dropping a class. I really hope it doesn't come to that though, all of my classes are so fun this year. 


### What will I do next week? ###

3 projects. 2 tests. One week. In the ring. The most worrying thing is that I feel excited about the challenge somehow. ~~Come at me bro~~


### What's my experience of the class? ###

This class has been kind of overshadowed by the raytracer project, but at least I've set up the repo for this class's project, though it took a few minutes of deleting and remaking repos after misreading the new workflow a bunch of times in a row. Other than that I haven't made much progress. If this project doesn't diverge too much from OOP's version of the project, I should be fine. And if there do turn out to be hidden difficulties, I'm sure I can handle that too. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###

I have nothing this week either, but I found [this](https://blog.codinghorror.com/can-software-make-you-less-racist/) pretty interesting.



