---
layout: post
title: Putting it Back Together
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

Despite my late start I managed to finish all my projects for my three CS classes without having to pull any long nights. I remembered being initially overwhelmed by the idea of a meta cache. I tried for as long as I could to just avoid using one in my solution, and then realized it was probably inevitable. Once I finally forced myself to sit down and actually implement it though, I was pretty surprised that the problem that had seemed so complex at first could be solved with a single loop and a table of 60 or so entries. Even though the solution turned out to be simple, I don't think that diminishes the effort it took to get there. 

The cost of losing so much time, however, was that I literally did nothing but code this week. Code nonstop, for hours and hours. I appreciate that I'm getting so immersed in my major, but there's no way this can be healthy, mentally or physically. If anything, that's my most compelling reason to work to avoid this situation in the future. 

### What's in my way? ###

This was a stressful week to be sure, but somehow I don't feel so stressed. It could be that I'm finally learning to cope with stress. *In my third year of college*. For now, I think my challenge is to not let things fall apart again.  Staying in a positive mindset is key.

### What will I do next week? ###

I don't know if I'm relieved or horrified to learn that the next project is Netflix, just like in OOP. I remember it being the hardest project for me last year and having to work right up to the deadline. I'm ~~terrified~~ excited to find out what new twists this class will bring to it.  Hopefully that doesn't include another spec change. 

### What's my experience of the class? ###

I really don't want to seem like I'm complaining about this class. If I'd hated OOP I wouldn't have subjected myself to another semester of the same. I really like this class and think its non-standardness is what makes it so wonderful. However, I kind of agree that its unfair to change the requirements of an assignment, especially so close to the deadline. Even if it turned out to be easier than expected. That's not how real companies work and the added level of difficulty probably interferes with learning the actual core concepts.

### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###

I can't really think of anything this week so [here's](http://www.openvim.com) an interactive vim tutorial. I've been considering taking the time to learn vim, since my workflow outside the labs is essentially SSH in and do everything through an x forwarded gedit, which is a pretty suboptimal way of doing things.



