---
layout: post
title:Back to Reality
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

I started learning Maya over break. Maya is a program for creating 3d computer graphics. [You can get a free version if you're a student!](http://www.autodesk.com/education/free-software/featured) It's like a fancy, industry standard version of the simple raytracer I built at the beginning of the semester, but with a lot more tools. It has a very steep learning curve and definitely takes time to learn, but it's pretty fun, and I had plenty of time to mess around with it and make some (pretty bad) stuff over break. After making some pretty erratically shaped models, I started feeling more comfortable with the mesh transformations and started making some decent stuff. However, break ended before I could get to vertex coloring and texturing and suddenly I found that I didn't really have time for 3d anymore, I had 2 tests and 2 projects to deal with. 

As always, I was pretty worried about my tests, but feel like I did well on both of them. For this class' project, we couldn't find a single history API (a real tragedy), so we changed our topic to books. We worked late on the last day, but managed to get everything working by the deadline. I'm still not really happy about how vague and poorly defined the spec for this project was, but it all worked out in the end, so no big deal. 

Unfortunately the time I spent doing everything else left me with not enough time to get to where I needed to be with my Graphics project. I'm eternally grateful to Novak for pushing back the deadline on the Compilers project to next week, even though he didn't have to. This week would have been so much worse if he hadn't. 


### What's in my way? ###

I'm still working to improve my productivity by improving my lifestyle. I finally took my mom's advice and started taking sleep meds again. They do seem to be helping. At least I'm not as tired and moody as before. In any case, I feel like I've been able to do more of the things I wanted to do in the past few days. 


### What will I do next week? ###

Next week I have this project and my Graphics project to work on (I finished my Compilers project over the weekend).  That's it though. No exams looming on the horizon for the first time in about a month, I think. Keep in mind that I have a lot of catching up to do on my Graphics project, but I'm still holding onto hope that I might have time for 3d again.


### What's my experience of the class? ###

I've started learning about Javascript and React since the frontend part of the project sounds really cool to me. However REST sounds pretty interesting to me also and I'm not really sure what I want to focus on. The fatigue from this abnormally drawn out midterm season has me even more spacey than usual in class, but maybe that will get better now!

### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###
[Physically Based Rendering](http://www.codinglabs.net/article_physically_based_rendering.aspx) - I found this article while looking up projection matrices. Not what I was looking for but very interesting anyway.

[The Glory Days](http://music.biggiantcircles.com/album/the-glory-days) and [Hive Jump](http://music.biggiantcircles.com/album/hive-jump) - two BigGiantCircles albums that got me through long work sessions this week.