---
layout: post
title: Not As Bad As It Could Have Been
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

I said last blog post that I had 3 projects and 2 exams to deal with this week, but it turned out not to be that bad at all. First of all, I misinterpreted one of my syllabi, and in reality, I only had one exam this week, in Geology. I was initially worried about it since I hadn't really been able keep up with the Geology readings (because of keeping up with 3 CS projects). But it turned out all right. My project in Compilers turned out to be much closer to completion than I thought it was and Netflix turned out to have no lurking layer of difficulty like I'd assumed. I managed to finish it one day earlier than I expected to.

Still, that didn't give me enough time to get my Graphics project quite to the level of completion I'd hoped for. I'm writing acceleration structures for the raytracer I built last week, in an attempt to get it to render things less painfully slow. As soon as I finish writing this blog post, I'm heading to the labs to work on it, but I'm not too optimistic. I'm still hopelessly far behind. With my current level of programming skills, I don't think it's something I could have gotten done in 3 days, even without the fatigue from 2 other projects. Computer Graphics does offer partial credit for late projects, so it's probably not a huge concern. 

### What's in my way? ###

I've been feeling kind of pessimistic and it probably has to do with the near constant effort I've been putting in the past few weeks. Getting stuck in a pattern of negativity is the single worst case scenario in my opinion, even worse than failing an exam or losing my scholarship. I need to remind myself to stay positive.
 
### What will I do next week? ###

Next week is the beginning of midterms. It feels too soon but maybe it'll give me a chance to catch up. I also have to think about getting a group for Project 3, but that feels less urgent, since it's still two weeks away.

### What's my experience of the class? ###

I don't really fully understand the Python list comprehensions, but I'm sure that once I get a chance to practice them it'll seem less unintuitive. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###

I love everything about [these](https://blog.codinghorror.com/heres-the-programming-game-you-never-asked-for/) coding games/interactive tutorials. 

