---
layout: post
title: We're Surviving
---

***

### What did I do this week? ###

This week was test week, so I spent the majority of my time studying for that. I expected a code writing test, so I focused primarily on familiarizing myself with the inner workings of python that we learned in class. I mostly ignored the UML and XP stuff, since I thought they were unlikely they would come up at all and because I was so behind on the readings that I had to prioritize what I thought would be most helpful on the test. The actual test was pretty far from my assumptions and I did... pretty terrible. But it's not anything I can't salvage. I couldn't cover all of the material, but I think I made the best I could of an unfavorable situation.

With the test behind me I can finally relax and take a break. I have plenty of time to study for my compilers and geology exams. Computer graphics has quickly become my favorite class, so I actually worked on my CG project for fun. We're working on a Menger Sponge in OpenGL which requires a much different approach from ray tracing but its still very interesting. There's just something really appealing to me about solving problems in 3d space and I regret not discovering it sooner.

I also started playing Overwatch again, after letting it gather dust for the past few months. Before you accuse me of wasting my precious study time on them damn vidya games, you should consider that sometimes you just need to take a break and play some shooting games with your friends. And it has been helping me manage my stress a lot better.  


### What's in my way? ###

I'm feeling at lot better than I did last week (thanks at least in part to Overwatch) but maintaining a positive attitude is still a challenge for me. I've been thinking of positivity as taking a siege approach and not feeding negativity or letting it take root, but such an overwhelmingly constant stream of challenges might necessitate a more active approach.



### What will I do next week? ###

I couldn't find a group for project 3 but there's little I can do about that now. I'll just need to work with what I have. I have my Graphics and Compilers projects to work on as well as my last few exams but that all seems managable to me, at least moreso than the onslaught of the past two weeks.  

### What's my experience of the class? ###

I'm still trying to find a good balance between taking notes and focusing on the lecture in class. Too much focus on notes and I tend to miss the big picture, but only listening tends to lead to me forgetting the details. I suffered from this on the test, though I do think the test was just a little too focused on testing minutiae rather than core concepts.


### What's my pick-of-the-week? ###

Here's a [story](https://fgiesen.wordpress.com/2012/04/08/metaprogramming-for-madmen/) about graphics programming that's kind of interesting.